# IDS-576-Project-
Face age progression has been one among the pertinent application of deep learning which has gained traction in the recent years. It has a wide range of applications such as face prediction of a missing/wanted person, age-invariant verification of individuals and in the entertainment business. However, the existing technologies bear some major caveats. 
Existing solutions such as Physical Model-based method that parametrically model the biological facial-change require training data that covers long time-span. Collecting these paired images of same individuals is per se, an arduous task. The Prototype-based method that divides training data into age groups and learns transformation among groups induce severe ghosting artifacts into the images. They too need the paired samples over a considerable time-span. 
In either case, there is no solution to face age regression problem or, photo-realistic baby-face prediction. This project considers an alternate approach to all the above listed problems by contemplating the perspective of Generative Modelling. Generative Adversarial Network is the novel framework that simultaneously trains the Generator and Discriminator models leveraging the max-min game. In this project, an adaptation of GAN, namely Conditional Adversarial Autoencoder would be deployed to combat the existing caveats and generate age progression and regression images using independent and labelled training samples. The CAAE works in two parts. Initially, the training images are mapped to a Latent Vector with Age and Personality as the two dimensions. This Latent Vector is then projected on to a high-dimensional manifold using a deconvolutional generator. The impending task is to traverse through this manifold and step along the direction of changing age, while preserving the personality or vice-versa. 

Throughout the curriculum of Advanced Predictive Models course, there has been opportunities to work on interesting tasks which broadly fall under image classification, text classification, text generation and so on. However, Image Generation which is a prevalent technology has been an unexplored task. This has served as a major motivation for our project
The aim of the project is to recreate the results presented in the paper by Zhifei Zhang , Yang Song , Hairong Qi that proposes an idea that paired samples is not required to generate images of with face aging. Using Conditional Adversarial Autoencoders, we can learn face manifold which can be traversed smoothly for age progression and regression simultaneously.
